Improve theme tokens rule (#25)
GeekHunter-Brasil/hello-world: frontend-styleguide/README.md

<br />

### 👉 Use theme tokens instead of hardcoded values

When styling, make sure to use the theme tokens provided by Chakra UI to prevent an unorganized code. You can check the default theme tokens [here](https://chakra-ui.com/docs/theming/theme).

> For a quick example, you should use `md` or `10` instead of `"135px"` or `0.5rem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a quick example, you should use `'md'` or `{10}` instead of `"135px"` or `0.5rem`. 
  - Note: Use curly braces for numeric constants instead single quotes
```
